tweak(onesync): update docs to make use of the orphan natives instead of culling natives (#495)
citizenfx/fivem-docs: content/docs/scripting-reference/onesync/_index.md

## Server-created entities, not client entities
OneSync allows you to create entities on the server such as Peds, Vehicles and Objects among others.

```lua
-- create a blista at the specified coordinates
local vehicle = CreateVehicleServerSetter(GetHashKey("blista"), "automobile", 2204.795, -887.9213, 1461.224, 90.0)
-- guarantee that the server created entity will be persistent for the server
SetEntityOrphanMode(vehicle, 2)

-- NOTE: Even though this says it is an RPC native, this call is done on the server
-- creates the ped at the same coords!
local ped = CreatePed(4, GetHashKey("a_m_y_acult_01"), 2204.795, -887.9213, 1461.224, 90.0, true, true)
-- guarantee that the server created entity will be persistent for the server
SetEntityOrphanMode(ped, 2)
```

## I want persistent entities, how do I do it?
If you want to guarantee an entity will not be removed by the server you should use {{% native_link "SET_ENTITY_ORPHAN_MODE" %}} with the 'KeepEntity' flag.

> This will guarantee that the server will not delete the vehicle, though the client will still be able to.

Author: ```suggestion
This will guarantee that the server will not delete the vehicle, but the client will still be able to request its deletion.
```
